you can't do that I'm a bard lydon okay
slang and singing is what I do that's an
alternative reality game if you want
this job you need to stand out prove to
me you can lead people don't do it let's
do it why don't you go join another
guild stop picking apart my narrative in
some desperate attempt retention I
figured out how many get the job at work
like I'm creating utopia for gamers
welcome to unicorn city you are now
quite literally your characters and
through them we shall create a utopia I
want to create a love interest for Shana
to experience for the duration of this
campaign and I really like the idea of
her falling in love with your character
mag mauled what's a little bit we can
work around that do you even really want
to be with him you need to do something
risky
a challenge has been made for the
leadership of unicron's city I'm gonna
Club you like a baby seal it's like a
geek breeding ground we gather
that hurt so
you
when a party or what